chore: tidy up examples, add section about examples to readme (#40)
aerogear/keycloak-connect-graphql: README.md

done
```

This creates a sample realm called `keycloak-connect-graphql` with some clients, roles and users that we can use in the examples.
Now we are ready to start and explore the examples.

The Keycloak console is accessible at [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) and the admin login is `admin/admin`. You can make any configuration changes you wish and `npm run examples:seed` will always recreate the example realm from scratch.

## Running the Basic Example

The basic example shows:

* The setup of the keycloak express middleware
* How to add **Role Based Access Control** using the `@hasRole` schema directive.

In `examples/basic.js` the GraphQL schema for the server is defined:

```js
const typeDefs = gql`
  type Query {
    hello: String @hasRole(role: "developer")
  }
`
```

The `@hasRole` directive means only users with the `developer` role are authorized to perform the `hello` query. Start the server to try it out.

```
$ node examples/basic.js
🚀 Server ready at http://localhost:4000/graphql
```

Open the URL and you will see the Keycloak login screen. First login with `developer/developer` as the username/password.

Now you should see the GraphQL Playground.

> NOTE: We initially saw the Keycloak login screen because the keycloak middleware is protecting the `/graphql` endpoint using a `public` client configuration. We're using a public client here because we want to access the GraphQL Playground in our browser. In production your GraphQL API would use a `bearer` client configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: We initially going to see the Keycloak login screen because the keycloak middleware will require authentication for the `/graphql` endpoint using a `public` client configuration. We're using a public client here, because we want to access the GraphQL Playground in our browser. In production your GraphQL API would use a `bearer` client configuration.
```
